He said: ”Maybe the friends and acquaintances you talk to about the city are the city.”
She said: “We do not need only chasms and holes in the city, but we need to get the social production of space into the underlying format of normative regulations.” 
He said: "Living, and not simply using the city, means being able to expand the personality of those who live there, connote and give identity to the place, own it mentally but sometimes physically.“  
He said: “The fact is, the environment is important, but even more so the relationships between individuals.”
He said: “I think people should do architecture.”
He said: “Everyone dreams. Architect, boatman, farrier, astronomer, painter, waiter, traveler in leather goods, tramway, everyone dreams." 
He said: “ When the city operates as an open system – incorporating principles of porosity of territory, narrative indeterminacy and incomplete form – it becomes democratic not in a legal sense, but as physical experience.” 
She said: “Cities have the capability of providing something for everybody, only because, and only when, they are created by everybody.”
She said: “There is no logic that can be superimposed on the city; people make it, and it is to them, not buildings, that we must fit our plans.” 
She said: “By its nature, the metropolis provides what otherwise could be given only by traveling; namely, the strange.” 
He said: “A magnificent life is waiting just around the corner, and far, far away.”
He said: “This is how space begins, with words only, signs traced on the blank page.”
He said: “With cities, it is as with dreams: everything imaginable can be dreamed, but even the most unexpected dream is a rebus that conceals a desire or, it’s reverse a fear. Cities, are made of desires and fears, even if the thread of their discourse is secret, their rules are absurd, their perspectives deceitful, and everything conceals something else.”
He said: “What strange phenomena we find in a great city, all we need do is stroll about with our eyes open. Life swarms with innocent monsters.”
He said: “The city goes soft; it awaits the imprint of an identity. For better or worse, it invites you to remake it, to consolidate it into a shape you can live in.”
He said: “What is the city but the people.”
She said: “The city is a space where the powerless can make history.” 	
He said: “The problem with buildings is that they look desperately static. A building is not a static object but a moving project.”
He said: “Don't we need a bit of chaos?”
He said: “Things don’t need to be quantifiable to be good. A city can’t be reduced to numbers, statistics or plans. Life quality can’t be quantified.”
He said: “Cities are the updated image of political fights and social dilemmas of the many controlled by norms and protocols made by and for the few.”
She said: “To allow for chaos in the city, we need to leave space for freedom and experimentation. However, these kind of spaces remain too often temporary. In order to expand such lived space from ephemeral to durational, we need to create and initiate a new discipline: the mediator between the bottom-up & top-down actors!”
She said: “City is a complex organism. Complex means composed of many interconnected parts. Plurality of parts implies different things happening at the same time. Just give to the organism the right conditions, feed it properly and let it grow.”